LTI 1.1 deprecation and Integrations tab (#12117)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/lmsIntegrationInstructor.md

Canvas courses must be "Published" for certain integration functionality, like grade reporting, to work.

> ## Integrations tab in your PrairieLearn course instance

Reviewer: Let's preserve the quotes around the tab name here and in later text.
```suggestion
## "Integrations" tab in your PrairieLearn course instance
```

> Use the course instance instructor Integrations tab to manage all integration configurations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the Integrations tab in your course instance to manage all integration configurations.
```

Author: That's much clearer, thanks. Updated in 11fd31e589

> Use the "Integrations" tab in your course instance to manage all integration configurations.

Reviewer 2: Nit:

```suggestion
Use the "Integrations" tab in your course instance to manage all LMS integrations.
```
